Cloudsites Backup
A toolset to help you backup your Rackspace Cloud Sites similar to how you 
would backup your Rackspace Cloud servers. Based off of information you can
find here:

http://www.rackspace.com/knowledge_center/content/how-use-cron-backup-cloudsites-cloudfiles

The main problem is that this doesn't do a great job of automatically capturing
all of the DBs on your account from a list. Also, I'm unaware of any awy to pull
this info via an API, so a list of lists is really needed. Also, having one
cronjob per site seemed painful. So I started finding a way to mimic the way
Rackspace Cloud Servers are backed up (split tar.gz archives) into Cloud Files.

The basic steps are:

1. Update cloudsites-backup.sh and bin/config.py with your info
2. Upload cloudsites-backup.sh to your domain's root folder
3. Upload bin/ to your customer folder (your root folder when logged into FTP)
4. Download these: https://github.com/rackspace/python-cloudfiles
5. Extract and upload the cloudfiles folder into bin from step #3
6. Run the cloudsites-backup.sh via cron with perl as the shell

From here, it basically does the following:

1. Does some basic sanity checks
2. Dumps the databases provided in config.py into your customer folder
3. Tars up your entire customer folder on the storage array indicated
4. Pushes the 5GB or less tarballs into the cloud
5. Deletes local db dumps and tarballs we uploaded
6. Deletes the previous day's/week's scheduled backup, leaving one of each

I hope this helps! I tried to be clear without being too long winded. If you run
into any problems setting this up, message me on twitter: @tsuehpsyde

Also, the cron emails don't always provide good logging. Using a wrapper to write
stderr/stdout into your home folder is extremely useful, especially for debugging.

Cheers!

-Jim

P.S. Oh, and this is written to possibly support multiple storage arrays. However, I
only have one array for my sites, so I have not tested the code. If you try it
with more than one array and it fails, let me know! I'd be happy to debug.

